the next award is a dime bag Darrell
shredder Award this is happening right
now
it's voted by readers and sponsored by a
little guy selling a fuckin real good by
Olympus the greatest product ever made
for your face Tamara's Eve another guest
presenter
the pop soda be tonight to present the
school or dog and now please tribute to
my fallen brother Dimebag Darrell don
was a man of integrity honest attention
for other fucking chaos both on and off
the stage and even though it is no
longer with us that continue he
continued to inspire people to every
level if you were here tonight he'd be
the first to raise his fucking the last
winner so ladies and gentlemen got
further ado I present this year's
Dimebag Darrell shredder of the Year
award to history show
Thank You Rex Wow
it's incredible I am completely
completely undeserving to this this is
such an honor it feels like it was not
that long ago since that dumb kid in my
bedroom making music still a dumb kid
so this is all pretty surreal I want to
thank again I thank my management a
girlfriend my family my dad's actually
here he was born in London
but last but not least I want to thank
you guys for your support you guys are
amazing thank you so much
these fucking boys people
this is fucking awesome that I'm just
starting to peak on my ecstasy so I just
did another shot of tequila that's no
it's fucking awesome six is pretty drop
it's getting sweet child is usually
projectile vomits when he gets really
hammered splash zone right there